♪ Sunday, Monday, happy days ♪
♪ Tuesday, Wednesday,
happy days ♪
♪ Thursday, Friday, happy days ♪
♪ The weekend comes,
my cycle hums ♪
♪ Ready to race to you ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
♪ Good-bye, gray sky,
hello, blue ♪
♪ There's nothing can hold me
when I hold you ♪
♪ It feels so right
it can't be wrong ♪
♪ Rocking and rolling
all week long ♪
(organ solo plays
over rhythmic handclaps)
♪ Sunday, Monday, happy days ♪
♪ Tuesday, Wednesday,
happy days ♪
♪ Thursday, Friday, happy days ♪
♪ Saturday, what a day ♪
♪ Groovin' all week with you ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
♪ These happy days ♪
♪ Are yours and mine ♪
♪ These happy days are yours ♪
♪ And mine , Happy Days! ♪
("Bird Dog" by
The Everly Brothers playing)
♪ Hey, bird dog,
you're on the wrong trail ♪
Happy Days is filmed
before a live audience.
♪ Leave my lovely dove alone ♪
POTSIE:
Hey, there's Lori Glass.
RICHIE:
Have you got something
going with Lori Glass?
Well, I helped her in
biology, and she loves me.
Who are you trying
to kid, Potsie?
He drew a chart of
the digestive system for her,
and she said,
"Thank you."
No, she's
hot for me.
We looked at medical
books together.
Hey, cool it, cool it.
Here she comes.
LORI:
Potsie.
Yeah?
Mr. Higgins really
liked the chart.
He especially liked the way
you followed the jujube
all the way through
the large intestine.
(chuckles)
It was nothing.
LORI:
Say, how are you
at drawing the
reproductive system?
Can't you get arrested
for that?
(Lori chuckles)
LORI:
I know you'll do it
just terrific.
Yeah.
(chuckles)
Are you kissing
my girl?
Oh, no.
Uh, she was just thanking me
for helping her.
Right guys?
RICHIE:
Yeah, right.
Oh, yeah, yeah, he was helping
her with reproduction.
(screams)
Well, I-I meant
biology.
You're dead.
Careful, this is
my lucky shirt.
Bernie.
Hey, will you tell him
that he's innocent?
I don't want to
get involved.
All right, come on, listen,
it's-it's no problem, really.
He's just...
I just hope for your sake that
you're helping my good friend
up to his feet here.
Who are you?
Hey, what are you,
from out of town?
I'm taking him outside
to bust his head in,
unless you want to go
in his place, big mouth.
Big mouth?
All right, look, look,
it's all a misunderstanding.
He was just trying
to help your girl
with homework,
and that's all.
Is that true?
Yes.
Why didn't you say so?
(hoarse):
I tried.
What's the matter
with your voice?
(hoarse):
I'm scared.
Hey, uh, Bernard.
Bernie.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Bernard, I thought that we
had a rendezvous outside.
It's settled, Fonz.
Hey, I'll tell you
when it's settled.
Let's go, Bernie.
Hey, what are we fighting for?
We don't even know each other.
Hey, you know me.
I'm big mouth!
But it's a mistake.
Hey, I heard "big mouth"
loud and clear,
and now, Mr. Tourist, I am gonna
show you the parking
lot upside down!
Come on, everybody,
we're gonna see a fight!
(cheering)
Come on, come on!
Come on, Fonz!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Where'd
everybody go?
Was the place
condemned?
There's a fight outside.
Oh, no.
Are they beating up
my cook again?
No, it's Fonzie again.
Oh, Fonzie again.
Way to go, Fonz!
That was great!
All right!
Fonz, that fight
was so short,
it was hardly worth
going outside.
Yeah, that's 'cause
I save my energy
for the better things
in life.
Plant one right there.
You, too, right here.
All right.
We'll continue this frivolity
some other time, girls.
Later.
Cunningham, you missed
a spectacular fight.
Oh, yeah?
I was just looking for
a good college to go to.
Yeah, it was one of my more
economical fights.
Short and sweet, dig it?
Purdue is a nice campus,
tree-lined.
Why do they call themselves
Boilermakers?
What are you talking about?
I just saved Potso's life.
I am a hero.
Hero?
Yeah.
(chuckles)
Don't ha-ha-ha-ha me.
Now, come on,
there's something bugging you.
What are you not saying here?
Fonz.
Yeah?
You didn't have to have
that fight,
because Bernie backed down.
Are you saying the Fonz
provokes fights?
You did the same thing
this morning in the bakery.
He fights in bakeries?
All right, come on,
a guy knocked over
my bag of
sweet rolls.
He apologized.
He even offered to buy you
jelly doughnuts.
Then you tried to stuff the guy
in the bread slicer.
The bread slicer?
I just tried
to scare him.
It wasn't even
plugged in.
Okay, all right, be funny,
do what you want to do.
Ohio State Buckeyes.
All right, will you stop
with the Ohio State?
Now, are you saying there is
something wrong with me?
Well, no, I'm just...
I think that you've been getting
in a lot of fights, Fonz.
Yeah?
And I just think that you...
Yeah, I think there's
something wrong with you.
(nasally):
All right, now look
what you're doing, Fonz.
You're hurting my nose.
I'm very disappointed
in you, Fonzie.
You're
disappointed?
Well, let me ask you
one small question.
What?
Who cares?
(nasally):
I care.
Are you still sulking
about your allowance?
Now, look, I told you,
we got to start saving money.
Your brother's gonna be
going to college soon.
You know it's gonna
cost me $700 a year?
Dad, I'm 14 years old.
I can't live off
50 cents a week allowance.
You should see
what I have to sit with
just to get a free Coke.
I wonder what she does
for a milkshake.
Look what Arthur
brought us this morning.
Jelly doughnuts for dessert.
Oh, yeah, I
don't want any.
Why is he angry?
He gets a dollar
a week.
You know, Fonzie beat up
a guy for those doughnuts.
That's what I'm gonna
have to do soon.
You be quiet, Joanie.
Arthur got in
another fight?
Two today.
Well, now, I can't enjoy
these doughnuts anymore.
I can.
All right, just ignore me,
just ignore me.
Cunningham, I got to talk
to you in private, huh?
You gonna
grab my nose?
No, I'm not gonna,
I'm not gonna grab your nose.
I want to talk to you about
my little problem, all right?
Is it about the two fights
you had today?
Hey, Cunningham,
what are you, a town crier?
No, Arthur.
Uh, now, if this
fighting thing is a problem,
you can tell us about it.
I mean, we're family.
Well, if he's family,
what's his allowance?
Joanie.
Now, never mind,
Arthur.
Come and tell us
your problem.
Go right
ahead, Fonz.
It-it, look, it's a very simple,
it's just that, you know,
I'm-I'm walking down the street,
and, uh, so, tha-- oh, uh, uh,
so I'm coming down the street
and-and, you know, and I-I--
so I have to go around the
corner or something like that,
you know, and...
So are-are you
following me so far? You know.
Do you understand
what I'm saying to you?
You didn't say anything.
That's 'cause I can't.
I can't talk
in front of certain people.
Let's go.
Now I'm standing
here alone!
I didn't mean that.
Guys, come back here.
I'm talking about
the ladies,
I can't talk
in front of the ladies.
I mean, the thing is
that I'm getting tense.
I mean, I-I don't know
what's happening to me.
I just want to hit
all of a sudden.
That's not me, that's not
the Fonz, the Fonz don't hit.
What am I
supposed to do?
Dad, what should he do?
Oh, well, it's, uh,
it's perfectly clear, Fonzie.
I mean, you just can't go around
picking fights with people
and beating them up.
Violence is dangerous!
There's only one thing
you can do.
FONZIE:
Yeah?
You got to snap out of it.
Snap out of it?
That's it?
No, no. See, that was
just the first part of it.
He's gonna tell you more.
You're gonna tell him more,
aren't you, Dad?
No, that was it.
Well, Dad, come on, "Snap out
of it" is a little weak.
Well, that's what they used
to tell us in the Army,
"Snap out of
it, soldier."
MARION:
Howard, tell him
about your problem.
That was a family
matter, Marion.
Well, you just made him
spill his guts.
Go ahead, Howard.
Well, okay.
I'll tell you something,
Fonzie, a long time ago,
I-I had this, this
terrible problem
where I, I just couldn't
get enough to eat.
No matter what I did,
I could not get enough food.
And then, one day,
I met the man who helped me.
A farmer.
I'm not gonna tell this story.
Howard,
now, Howard.
Howard went to
a psychologist,
and he helped him
to stop eating.
He did, huh?
(chuckles)
Yes, you should have
seen Howard then.
He w-- I've
got pictures.
Do you want
to see them?
He was such
a jumbo!
Marion!
Well, they're-they're
packed away upstairs.
Nobody will ever see them.
I'll burn them.
Is Fonzie really going
to a psychologist?
You know, he's the first person
I ever knew that went to one.
Well, it's a good thing
to do if you need help.
Are they gonna put him
in a straitjacket?
Aaayyh! Aaayyh!
Hey, she's just a child,
Fonz, just a child.
All right, yeah, yeah, yeah,
just a child, just a child.
Now, listen,
I think you should
give this guy a try.
I mean, if you go to him,
and he doesn't help you,
what have you lost?
But you've had eight
fights this week.
All right, all right, I'll
tell you what we're gonna do.
You're gonna go see this doctor,
you're gonna tell him
it's your problem,
and you're gonna come
and tell me
what he says to do.
You really believe I can
go in there with this face
and tell somebody
I beat people up?
No.
All right, I'm going, I'm going.
You make an appointment,
all right?
I'll let this guy, uh,
mess around with my temper.
But just remember,
I ain't gonna let him
mess around with the good stuff!
Whoa!
FONZIE:
Come on, Doc,
speed this up, will you?
My friend Richie
is waiting for me outside.
Fonzie.
Would you like to, uh,
lie down on the couch?
Oh.
Uh, now, Richie told me
on the phone
that lately you've been
having trouble
with, uh, street fighting.
Lately, there's been a lot
of violence in your life.
Yeah, that's right,
so just give me
a pill, I'll be
on my way, right?
I'm afraid it's not that simple.
Hey, I know that;
that was just a joke!
There was a smile on my face
when I said it!
Are you gonna hit me?
No, I'm not gonna hit you.
Good.
Now, look, Fonzie,
what's the problem?
I'm a psychologist;
you can say anything to me.
I don't like your suit.
Well, that's
a start.
Do you have a girlfriend?
No.
No girlfriend.
I see.
Uh, don't touch that, please.
Uh, you know, I like
to spread myself
kind of out,
you know how it is?
I don't like to...
I see.
Uh, don't water
that, please.
So you go out with more
than one girlfriend?
Yeah.
No peeking, please.
Well, you're a picky
little fellow, aren't you?
You know, it always used
to confuse me to go out
with, uh, two or three
girls at one time.
You ought to try juggling 150.
(chuckling):
What?
150 girlfriends?
Yeah, that's what I just said,
isn't it?
And you believe that?
Yeah, I believe that.
You just asked me a question,
I gave you an answer.
Why don't you lie down
on the couch?
Hey, now, wait a minute.
You asked me a question,
I told you the truth.
All right, all right,
all right.
Maybe 200-- I didn't
take inventory this week.
I see.
And what is
the reason
for this marvelous
success with women?
I'm the Fonz.
That's it, you're the Fonz?
That's right, I snap my fingers,
girls come running.
You know... whoa!
That's very
interesting.
Fonzie, would you step
outside for a moment?
I'd like to talk to
Richie, and, uh,
if you don't mind,
don't touch anything.
Hey, Cunningham,
front and center.
This guy wants
to talk to you,
and, uh, watch the
couch, very strange.
You know, uh, you got your
friend here just in time.
He's a loony bird.
Well, it's all that fighting.
Fighting nothing,
it's girls.
Do you know he thinks
that he's got
150 girlfriends?
150?
Yeah, well,
that's about right.
And you believe it?
You're caught up
in his fantasy.
You think, when he snaps his
fingers, girls come running?
Well, yeah,
he can do that.
You're not
helping at all.
Miss Franklin...
get off that desk!
Control yourself,
what are you doing?
Hey now, Doc,
take it easy.
Take it easy, huh?
She's a very
friendly chick.
How did you do that?
Well, I just tried
to tell you.
But I've never been able
to get anywhere with her.
I've wined her, I've dined her,
I gave her a job.
She can't type, file
or answer the phone.
You know, I've even...
I've even tried
to be a father figure to her.
Can... can you teach me to...
(snapping fingers)
I thought we came here
to talk about my problem.
Problems? What problems?
If you can get Miss Franklin
to do that...
No, look, we came here
to talk about
Fonzie's fighting.
Fighting? That's no problem,
I'll give you a pill.
Oh, come on, Fonz,
let's go.
Now, look, all
we have to do
is find an outlet
for your hostility.
Hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey.
I'm sorry,
I'm sorry.
It won't take any time at all.
Now, look, about my bill...
Hey, now, go easy on me,
I'm a working man.
Uh, I'll work
something out.
I'll help you, and
you'll teach me to...
(snapping fingers)
Well, first of all,
it ain't like this,
and second of all, it
only works for me, huh?
(snaps) Whoa!
Yes?
I was just
practicing-- later.
♪ 'Cause you've got ♪
♪ Personality ♪
♪ Walk ♪
♪ With personality ♪
♪ Talk ♪
♪ Smile ♪
♪ With personality ♪
♪ Charm ♪
♪ Love ♪
♪ With personality ♪
RALPH:
Okay, Rich, go ahead, now,
what else did the doc say?
Well, he told him
to, uh, to build birdhouses.
What are you talking about?
Why would he tell the Fonz
to build birdhouses?
He's supposed
to get out his...
his pent up hostilities
that way.
You see, he used
to get out his tension
by doing a lot
of body work at the garage,
but business
has been slow lately,
so the doctor told him
that he's gonna
have to find
something else to hit.
He's gonna catch birds
and beat them up?
No, hammering,
hammering!
He hammers
when he builds birdhouses.
It's psychology.
You guys
will learn about it
when you go
to college.
Hi, guys.
Joanie.
Joanie, what are you doing
with Fonzie's jacket?
He gave it to me.
You look really cute,
like Leo Gorcey with freckles.
(laughing)
Sit on it, Ralph.
Gosh, the Fonz gave
away his jacket.
He must be in
pretty bad shape.
All right, let's go, girls.
Let's go, very gently,
very gently.
I should be
in that bad of shape.
What are you girls
hanging around for?
We got more birdhouses
to deliver, let's go.
A little dignity, let's
walk it out here,
Walk it out.
Hey Fonz, that...
that's...
that's a nice
shirt you got on.
Oh, yeah, blue, see,
very peaceful, very peaceful.
There he is.
The guy with the funny
blue shirt on.
That's the guy
who beat you up?
Yeah.
The guy playing
with the dollhouse?
He looked a lot tougher
with his leather jacket on.
Uh, they couldn't possibly
be talking about me.
Well, I think they are,
but just remember: control.
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
the Fonz is in control.
Yeah, you.
I'm Butch.
Hi, Butch.
Bernie's brother.
I've come to
settle the score.
Oh, no, no, I don't think
that's necessary.
You see, look, I apologize
for busting up Bernie here.
I lost a little control there.
How about if I make you
a birdhouse, huh?
What color do you want?
This is what I think
of your birdhouse.
Fonz.
Oh, oh, it's all right.
I just got a pinched nerve.
(suppressed growling)
I am in control.
No, I don't think we're gonna
discuss this right now
since we seem to be a little hot
under the collar.
And besides that, I got a date
with the Polaski twins.
I made them a set
of matching birdhouses.
(groans)
(Fonzie groaning)
Mr. C,
I got this down to a science.
I can build a birdhouse
in five minutes.
I want to
talk to you.
Watch this.
You can talk to me
while I'm hammering, all right?
Wait! Not
on my table.
Marion...
Keep going,
I can't hear you.
No, no,
I want to talk to you
about these bird things.
Talk it up, talk it up.
Wait a minute!
I want to talk to you about
these blasted birdhouses!
Why is he yelling at me?
Oh, Howard,
you're just upset
about all
the hammering.
Would you like
to go upstairs?
I'm not in the
mood, Marion.
I'm going out
and get a paper.
But, Howard,
I have a chicken in the oven.
Let him get
his own paper.
Now, what's up
with big H?
Oh, it's just
that Howard and I
are very worried
about you.
Why is that?
Well, it-it's not
like you to...
(banging)
stay up in your room
for a whole week.
I've done that before.
Not alone.
Hey, true, huh?
Hey, what is Alfred's
birdhouse doing here?
Oh, he sent it
over to be fixed.
You see that, I told you
he'd like it, huh?
'Cause he knew you were
afraid to his place.
Afraid? Is that what
everybody's saying-- afraid?
Yeah, 'cause those guys
chased you out last week.
Chased? Well, I'll just
go right down there
and fix it in
front of him.
Hey, Fonz, you gonna
pound those guys?
Hey, hey, hey,
Shortcake,
there is no
reason to fight.
You can talk your way
out of any fight.
You know what the
key is? Control.
You know, Joanie, you look
really cute in my jacket,
but there is a, uh,
spot on my sleeve
which I'm sure that
you will clean.
There is a spot on the
sleeve of my jacket.
I am in control.
Everything is
in control.
There's a spot
on my jacket.
FONZIE:
Okay, now, that's gonna hold it
right there, see that?
Great.
You know, I think
I'm making a lot
of people uncomfortable
here today.
Well, you just got
to understand
that people aren't used
to seeing the Fonz
under complete control.
Hey, I can dig that.
Yeah.
Hey, okay.
Hey, look who's here.
Oh, hi, Butch,
hi, Bernie.
Huh, huh, huh?
Building any
dollhouses lately?
Uh... I'm going up,
Cunningham.
Come on down,
Fonz.
Okay, I'm coming down.
I'm coming down.
You're doing good.
I never thought
I'd see him again.
They must have given him
the day off
at the chicken coop.
(chuckling)
(clucking like a chicken)
BUTCH:
Aw...
Look at his little
dollhouse.
Aw.
Show us how you play.
Cunningham?
It's just talk, Fonz.
It's just talk,
it's just talk.
Yeah.
Hey, dollhouse man,
while you're sitting there,
why don't you shine
my shoes?
(Fonzie groaning)
Fonz!
I-I-I'm just going
for a walk.
I'm just going
for a walk, Richie.
I'll tell you when
you can leave.
Uh, Richie, uh...?
Get him.
Yeah.
(snaps fingers)
Shortcake!
Whoa, am I sorry
you touched me!
'Cause, you know,
when I get touched,
I feel like pounding,
I feel like...
like hitting,
I feel like ripping,
you know, like...
Now, that could have
been your head, gentlemen.
Now, that's the guy
I was talking about.
What are you getting
so hot about?
You apologized.
Yeah, yeah, I
apologized.
Get over here,
get over here.
BUTCH:
We apologized.
You apologized.
We were only kidding.
Oh, yeah,
well, I wasn't kidding.
Just hold your ground.
I am not going
to hurt them.
I am not hurting them,
I am in control.
(shouts)
Just kidding,
just kidding, huh?
All right,
all right, what?
Can we go now?
Yeah, you can go now.
Hey.
Why don't you run?
(crowd cheering)
I want to talk to you
for a minute, Cunningham.
I was in perfect
control.
You know, that
was your fault.
You went bananas
over there
with "Get him,"
you understand?
Well, yeah,
but I wouldn't want
people to
push you around.
I'm not too crazy
about that,
either, let
me tell you.
I mean, the guy
got physical, right?
And you had
to draw the line.
I drew it pretty
well, huh?
Yeah.
And then, you let them
off the hook.
You proved that talking
is better than punching.
That's 'cause I'm ahead
of my time, Cunningham.
Right.
And Fonz?
Yeah?
That's why I
was proud of you.
Oh, you're proud now.
Well, that's different than
disappointed, ain't it?
All right, I'm
okay now, right?
Yeah.
No more shrinks,
no more birdhouses.
Well, maybe I'll just
fix this one, you know?
Oh, yeah, I'll help
you carry it home.
What has she got
in my pockets here?
Lipstick, compact,
what is this?
Oh.
(chuckling)
She put taffy in
your pocket, too.
Cunningham,
the taffy is mine.
Hey, Shortcake!
ALFRED:
All right, everybody out.
We're closing, closing up.
(disappointed groans)
FONZIE:
Hey, Alfred, Alfred,
what is the rush?
Oh, hey, Fonz, stick around
a little bit, will you?
I want to talk to you.
Okay, good night.
Hey, uh, come on Fonz,
the girls are in a hurry.
Yeah, right, I'll
be right there.
Wait for me, right?
Look, Fonz,
listen, I... I want
to thank you
for setting me up
with Choo Choo.
It was my pleasure--
I figured
you'd like her better
than a birdhouse.
Well, no, the birdhouse
was nice.
Yeah, wasn't it?
Not as nice as...
FONZIE:
Hey, I can dig it.
I can dig it.
Hey, Fonz,
would you give me
a few tips?
Oh, yeah, come
here, Alfred.
To start off,
start dancing with her.
It gets her blood up,
you know what I mean?
ALFRED:
All right, yeah.
Hey, Fonz,
would you mind hurrying up?
She's blowing
in my ear,
and we're not even
to the car yet.
Control, Cunningham,
control.
Let me tell you, this
is no time for control.
Look at that.
My teacher
is in a rush, huh?
All right, hey, hey, hey.
Come on, man,
this dance is on me.
(blows air)
♪ I'm walkin', yes, indeed ♪
All right.
♪ I'm a-talkin'
about you and me ♪
♪ And I'm hopin'
that you'll come back to me ♪
♪ I'm lonely as I can be ♪
♪ I'm waitin' for your company ♪
♪ I'm hopin'
that you'll come back to me ♪
♪ Whatcha gonna do
when the well runs dry? ♪
♪ You're gonna run away
and hide ♪
Oh, boy, I hope
you're Italian!
♪ I'm walkin', yes, indeed... ♪
♪ These happy days
are yours and mine ♪
♪ These are such happy days ♪
♪ Good-bye, gray sky,
hello, blue ♪
♪ There's nothing can hold me
when I hold you ♪
♪ It feels so right,
it can't be wrong ♪
♪ Rockin' and rollin'
all week long ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
♪ These happy days
are yours and mine ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org